fix(storage): add correct screenshots for CORS getting started guide (#5934)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/storage/js/getting-started.mdx

1. Go to [Amazon S3 Console](https://s3.console.aws.amazon.com/s3/home?region=us-east-1) and click on your project's `userfiles` bucket, which is normally named as [Bucket Name][Id]-dev. 
![Go to [Amazon S3 Console]](/images/storage/CORS1.png)
2. Click on the **Permissions** tab for your bucket.
![Click on the **Permissions** tab for your bucket](/images/storage/CORS2.png)

> 3. Click on the **Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS)** tile.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
3. Click the edit button in the **Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS)** section.
```
